Add documentation for kopia repository server controller workflow (#2077)
kanisterio/kanister: docs/architecture.rst

controller with status and other metadata generated by the action
execution.

Kopia Repository Server Workflow
================================

Introducing Kopia
------------------

Kopia is a powerful, cross-platform tool for managing encrypted backups
in the cloud. It provides fast and secure backups, using compression,
data `de-duplication`, and client-side end-to-end encryption. It supports
a variety of backup storage targets, including object stores, which allows

> users to choose the storage provider that better addresses their needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
users to choose the storage provider that best addresses/meets their requirements.
```
The word "require" is frequently used in formal or professional contexts to convey a stronger sense of necessity or demand than "need." Apply the word "require" wherever "need" is mentioned, if possible.

requirements. In Kopia, these storage locations are called repositories.
It is a lock-free system that allows concurrent multi-client operations,
including garbage collection. To explore other features of Kopia,
see its `documentation <https://kopia.io/docs/features/>`_

Kopia Repository Server
-----------------------

A Kopia Repository Server allows Kopia clients to proxy access to the backend storage
location through it. At any given time, a repository server can only connect to a single
repository. Due to this limitation, a separate instance of the server will be used
for each repository.

> In Kanister, the server comprises of Kubernetes pod and service. The pod runs
> the Kopia repository server process that will be used by Kopia clients to perform
> backup and restore operations. Kopia clients only need a username/password and
> service name to connect to the server, without needing/requiring to know the backend
> storage location. This approach enhances security since only authorized users can
> access the Kopia repository server. These authorized users must be added to the
> server before starting the server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Kanister, the server comprises of Kubernetes pod and service. The pod runs
the Kopia repository server process that will be used by Kopia clients to perform
backup and restore operations. Kopia clients only need a username/password and
service name to connect to the server without requiring to know the backend
storage location. This approach enhances security since only authorized users can
access the Kopia repository server. These authorized users must be added to the
server before starting the server.
```

    example_key_id: <access key>
    example_secret_access_key: <access secret>

RepositoryServers
-----------------

RepositoryServer CR is required by kanister controller to start
a kopia repository server. The CR has list of parameters to configure

> kopia repository server.

Reviewer 2: We are introducing the new term kopia with these docs. We should add a short para and references about Kopia and how we are using it. It would be helpful for a newcomer who doesn't have any idea about it.

Author: Yes I will be adding that at the start of architecture.rst
